doc: nrf54h20 gs guide update (#15106)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_architecture_memory.rst

> :orphan:

Reviewer: Line 265 typo: Periperals -> Peripherals

> :orphan:

Reviewer: Line 312 ,313 351, 366: Trustzone ->TrustZone

> :orphan:

Reviewer: Line 16: non volatile -> non-volatile

Each local domain (like Application or Radio) contains its own RAM.
There is also a large part of the RAM in the global domain to be shared between the cores in the system.

.. to review

> .. image:: images/nrf54h20_memorymap.png

Reviewer 2: I am not certain if this diagram should be located in this specific chapter - Diagram represents entire nRF54H20 Memory Layout, while chapter is focused on RAM

Fast global RAM (RAM21)
-----------------------

The Fast global RAM is a part of the global RAM tightly coupled with the Fast Lightweight Processor.
Access to this memory block from the FLPR and fast peripherals' DMA (I3C, CAN, PWM120, UARTE120, SPIS120, SPIM120, SPIM121) has minimal latency and can be performed without powering up any other parts of the system.
Access to this memory from the local domains has higher latency than access to the general-purpose shared RAM.

This memory is intended to store the code executed in the FLPR, the FLPR's data, the shared memory used for Inter-Processor Communication between the FLPR and the core managing the FLPR, and DMA buffers for the fast peripherals.

Address range
   0x2F890000 - 0x2F8A0000

Size
   64 KB

Access control

>    The FLPR and its owner have access to all partitions assigned to FLPR and its Interprocessor Communication.
>    Each one of the memory partitions assigned for the DMA of the fast peripherals is accessible from the core owning the given set of peripherals.
>    The FLPR and the fast peripherals are by default owned by the Application Core.
>    This ownership and matching memory access rights can be customized in UICRs.

Reviewer 3: I think these lines should be removed. The remaining lines describe the access rules well enough.
```suggestion
```

Slow global RAM (RAM3x)
-----------------------

The Slow global RAM is a part of the global RAM close to the Peripheral Processor.
Access to this memory block from the PPR and slow peripherals' DMA has minimal latency and can be performed without powering up any other parts of the system.
Access to this memory from the local domains has higher latency than access to the general-purpose shared RAM.

This memory is intended to store the code executed in the PPR, the PPR's data, the shared memory used for Inter-Processor Communication between the PPR and the core managing the PPR, and DMA buffers for the slow peripherals.

Address range
   0x2FC00000 - 0x2FC14000

Size
   80 KB

Access control
  The PPR and its owner have access to all the partitions assigned to the PPR and its Inter-Processor Communication.
  Each of the memory partition assigned for DMA of the slow peripherals is accessible from the core owning the given set of peripherals.
  The PPR and the slow peripherals are by default owned by the Application Core.
  The ownership and matching memory access rights can be customized in UICRs.

>   The security attribute of memory partitions CMA engines must follow the PPR security settings.

Reviewer 3: The previous statement was correct. It's different here for RAM_3x than it was in RAM_21 description. The difference is the result of RAM_21 being actually tightly coupled to FLPR, while RAM_3x is not coupled to PPR.

```suggestion
  The security attribute of memory partitions must follow PPR and DMA engines' security settings.
```
